Check temperature compensation
Check the various biochemical models
Steps altering the time period
1. Phosphorylation rate: amount of ATP, kaiA
2. Rate of kaiB binding: amount of kaiB
3. Dephosphorylaton rate: ?
kaiC monomer exchange for population synchronization

bioinformatics Analysis Conclusions
1. kaiB: closest is kaiB1 then B2, B4
B3 very different and much bigger
2. kaiC1, C2 both have the ST 431,432 residues
kaiC2 doesnt seem to have the C-terminal domain
3. kaiC II C-terminal domain ring, S-loop T495->E487
kaiC1 has S in T495 position sort of match
kaiC2 has no matching aa's in T495 and E487
4. Longer kaiB may not bind in pairs to kaiC 

microRNA
2. mRNA transript structure. CAP - 5' UTR - Start - Codons - Stop - 3' UTR - Poly AA
4. 5' UTR contains regulatory elements, RBS
5. Some non coding transcripts show circadian oscillations in expression
6. Large distance between TSS and start codon indicates regulation
8. check Yfr2
9. check SyR1, high light strong expression, overexpression severe phenotype
10. asRNA in psbA, anti sense block inhibition

Todo
Get RNA sequencing data and get the 5' UTR region for genes like psbA
Make pics for kaiABC, purF
Analysis of the pics
Answer Promoter->microRNA->Phenotype correlation for elongatus and extend to Cyanothece.

Regulation:
1. Regions far away from gene may control regulation through DNA bending
2. Two Promoter sites identified for psbA1 P1 and P2
3. P1 controlled by some upstream sequences UP/PE1 conserved. 
4. P2 controlled by HNE2 DNA bending.
5. Some upstream DNA sequences identified for DNA binding.
6. Proteins may directly inhibit translation of mRNA

Think:
1. Why did microRNA's evolve, when there was a promoter mechanism already in place.
Maybe because to degrade the existing mRNA's or to be separate from the clock mechanism.

Problems
1. Is the averaging model correct in the 60nt/12nt gse_plot code
2. psbA1 mRNA expression levels differing in various data sets! which one is correct?
Check whether this phenomenon of mRNA differing from promoter really exists
3. The sites that have been identified do the tiling array analysis
verify them with sequence alignment blastn with utr3 and utr5 and even mirbase
4. Do we really get differential expression of psbA1 and the corresponding miRNA's

Todo:
1. Do a genome wide survey of microrna's and match it with the 5' UTR of kaiA and psbA
2. For matching use a better tool than just blast
3. Check the overlap of operons with the TSS/TES
4. Transcription levels of Vijayan Microarray data should be confirmed, match it with the RNA 
sequencing data. Methodology used.

miRNA prediction:
1. Identifying Targets of miRNA's 
2. Identifying miRNA's by looking at Transcription start and end sites.
3. Identifying miRNA's by looking at conservation of intergenic regions.
4. Tiling Microarray + RNA sequencing



